HSEARCH-4673 Use record specific methods to get constructor parameter names when applicable (#3240)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/mapping-projection.asciidoc

Hibernate Search infers the path of the field to project on from the name of the corresponding constructor parameter.

You should set the name of a constructor parameter (in the Java code) to the name of the field to project on.

> Code that contains records annotated with `@ProjectionConstructor` at the type level does not require any additional actions,
> while in other cases - it must be compiled with the `-parameters` compiler flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the canonical constructor of record types, you will not need to do anything else.
However, when using `@ProjectionConstructor` on non-record types or non-canonical constructors,
code must be compiled with the `-parameters` compiler flag.
```

[WARNING]
====

> Projection types, except records with only a default constructor, compiled without the `-parameters` compiler flag
> will lead to exceptions on startup https://hibernate.atlassian.net/browse/HSEARCH-4574[at the moment].

Reviewer: That's a bit hard to follow... maybe this is better?

```suggestion
Without the `-parameters` compiler flag,
errors will be thrown on startup as soon as `@ProjectionConstructor` is applied to a non-record type or a non-canonical constructor.
Hibernate Search may provide workarounds https://hibernate.atlassian.net/browse/HSEARCH-4574[in the future].
```
